<xaverPinero./>

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Hypertext Markup Language,
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        a standardized system for tagging text files to achieve font, color, graphic, and hyperlink effects on World Wide Web pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes provide additional information about an element. Attributes are always specified in the start tag. Attributes usually come in name/value pairs like: name="value"
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        <h1> defines the most important heading. You can use them all, or none at all. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Anchor and img.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        A typical HTML document might contain a <title> tag, one or more <meta> tags, a <script> tag, and a <style> tag - all enclosed within the <head> element.
    7. What is an id? 
        The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element .
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        any HTML element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Element IDs should be unique within the entire document.
    10. What is a class? 
        The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        any HTML element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many as needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        add target='_blank' inside a <a> tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        alternative text to be rendered when the elements to which it is applied can not be rendered.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers or footers. The <div> tag is used to group block elements to format them with css.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        css is the language for describing thr presentation of web pages, including colors, layouts and fonts.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one. Use class to identify a paragraph or paragraphs or blocks, use id's to identify a title or element inside of a class or smaller element. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        The element>element selector is used to select elements with a specific parent.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar links
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo-class is used to define a special state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line height property in css.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter spacing property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform:lowercase or uppercase or capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        in the css file, div {
            border: 1px black dotted;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        command+a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        // or /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
        rm. you could delete important files for you or the computer.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        to prevent bugs, accountability, and allow multiple projects simultaneously 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        every time you finish a string of code.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        push origin name-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork, add tl's as collaborators, clone in correct directory, change branch, open file and makes changes, save changes and type git add . in terminal, then type git commit -m 'messages', then git push origin name-name, submit pull request and make sure its in your branch. 
